with fairies and gentlemen and welcome to
conso jazz channel after the
ad for u2 and lukas for super smash
bros 4 we have another little surprise
prepared by nintendo that comes in
way of being able to choose us which one is going to
be the next fighter to come in
clc form just like these two
last to our consoles this is a
great responsibility so I hope that
the toméis leave you down the link to
You can vote for your character
favorite and I'll give you a list in
true small list of five characters
that I think would fit perfectly
in the world of smash bros either by the
ease of transferring attacks and
all that or good because they are mythical there
we go
I had
in position number 5 we have maxwell
protagonist of scribblenauts which
can make anything appear and
when I say anything is any
thing thanks to its non- magical power with
just writing on it is a kind
of naked but the cool goes all the
colorines and candies and many say no
but how are you going to put this
in smash and if it looks like it has nothing
Well the same thing I take out a rocket launcher
that brings you some boxing gloves that you
pull out a fucking rex that pulls a gun
geddon a nuclear bomb or what they
leave notebook notebook
day to day
in the fourth place we have counsel the
kingdom hearts and as an option that is
has occurred
the alternative costume to ricky both
they could use the keyblade in their
multiple with voice blows and so on
et cetera etcetera and attacks
Officials could be, for example,
hits dark electro shot no that
then yes it would be very restless but
that very girl crystals would be a great
membership of the smash brothers
because it does not fit at all and be about
sticks write me in everything perfectly
and his final smash could be something like that
as of a transformation in shadow 2
in shadow or in some synchrotron or that
appear roxas or go you know has
many options and I think it should be
can take advantage
in position number 3 we have to finish
right our dear lawyer very
recognized in the world of
videogames great saga and you will ask
how can you consider a lawyer who
he has never fought while he has fought
for this good game we would say the same
of age hand for example and I think that a
marvel versus capcom has already had to
go through the motto cbi the memories
are in his game and he deals like a
bastard his final smash would be like him
how this one you have would be a judgment in
plan to the beast in the game to go
distributing more eye any the
I would really enjoy to see you the smash
Bros shaking hands with others
in the second place one of the
most recognized characters in the world
of videogames by their multiple
adventures in two of raimat
if that's guys rayman also has
option to participate in smash bros if
you vote enough for him there was already a
fake that was created from what rayman was going to
be in Strasbourg very well done by
true but but this time it's going seriously
can vote for the king van would be a
great adhesion especially because it has the
mind the 2d mechanics adapted
perfectly you can pass them more very
easy the propeller for jumps the
special up the cuffs there are thousand
ways to introduce combos
etcetera etcetera etcetera besides
it could use suits or cans
these that gave him powers of others
games that you have and could deposit
pretty pretty cool that is to
final smash then I would consider some
invasion of dark loops or some
little thing about these why because nm nnnn
Men has potential
number one on this list to which
my vote has gone and come from the saga
golden sun one of the best sagas of
rpg is from history
james the protagonist of the little noise the
earth element that could make a
great reappearance in smash bros brawl was
an assistant and who this one could do
become part of the wrestling squad
just like he did wrong that was also
helper in smart for fraud and here already
has gone on to make the campus and be a
magnificent fighter as hans could be
the same with your energy has
many options when choosing
to attack carries his sword so that
with everyone that's more final
it could be some combination of jeans or
the same final judgment if I stay with a
final judgment because like it sounds good
final judgment fuck like that
appeared the armor that giant that
appearing to the invocation god for
favor
Please please
ah
hans
What do you think about this list?
liked the characters left down on
comments the characters that you
you think they should be part of
smash 2 and do not forget to vote for
your favorite although it will be hans
please
vote hans hands for the wind yes we
dog
If I have convinced you, I do not know if it has
liked this video subscribe for more
so come, come, we saw each other, chau chau